NAME: Robert Griffith
EMAIL: rwgriffithv@gmail.com
ID: XXXXXXXXX

The files included in this distribution are:
    lab1b-client.c
	This file contains the source code of the client program. The program requires a --port
	option of the format --port=# where # is replaced by the desired portnumber. This is
	used to establish the socket connection between the client program and the server program.
	The client program also supports the option --compress which will deflate output to the
	server and inflate data coming from the server. --compress must be passed to both programs
	or neither program. There can be no mismatch. The option --log=filename is also supported,
	which will log all data transmitted between the client and the server, in whatever form
	it is sent. This will log whether the data is received or sent, as well as the number of
	bytes sent or received.

    lab1b-server.c
	This file contains the source code for the program running the server side of this socket
	connection. The client and server currently connect only on the localhost, as they do not
	support a --host option, but a port must be specified. The server program requires this
	port option and supports a --compress option that uses zlib specifications to deflate
	outgoing messages across the socket and inflate incoming deflated messages from the client.
	The server is coded to specifically support only one client connection, as the spec did not
	specify how many would be needed. The server has a child process running a bash shell, and
	all input from the client is fed to the shell, and all output from the shell is fed to the
	client.

     README
	This file is what is currently being read, and contains information about the distribution
	and its files.

     Makefile
	This makefile supports make with no options, clean, and dist. Default make will build the
	program with -lz -Wall and -Wextra, while clean will remove any files created by make or make
	dist. make dist will build a distribution tarball.

The linux manual pages were used heavily as reference when writing lab1a.c, and the website
linux.die.net provided these manual pages. Code involving the use of sockets and zlib shown
by the TAs was used heavily as reference. The zlib webpage was very helpful in understanding the
library.